The next section we're going to be making is going to be a project section.
So here again we're going to have a town hall and then all these are going to be our project or here
you can see that we're going to use the flex box actually for the long haul but we're also going to
have a few other see assess effects that are actually going to have create an overlay on here we're
going to have a massive icon here in the center.
And as we were hovering You can see that the color is actually changing for the eye.
So let's go ahead to the next stage.
How was that working on this.
So the first one is going to be again as always comments are going to say what projects are your section
and the ones we have the opening comment and then also going to have the End of Project section.
Now once we have the comments now we will need a section here with a class of project.
So this is going to be our class project.
And once we have a section ready to go now we would want a title.
So here we're going to find where is a section.
I know the closest one.
And over here once we grab the section title let's go ahead and again let's copy and paste this over
here.
And let's just scroll all the way down to where we are working and just place it in our section.
So here this is the project so we're going to copy and paste this on here and then we're going to go
to the services and we're going to change the services and we're going to say that this is going to
be project.
So we're all going to say project.
Once we save it if I scroll down on here you can see that I have my project title over here ready to
go and I want to have my title.
Now the next one is going to be creating the project.
So here again we're going to start with the project here center.
So we're going to have two underscores center then within the center.
Now we want to create a single project.
So we're going to say single project No we are going to copy and paste this line and how are you going
to say and of a single project and once we have our first comments let's place the actual project.
So for that let's create a article.
So we're going to say we're here to go and for the article we would want a class and the class is going
to be project to underscores.
And I'm single project here so this is going to be our article now within an article we're all going
to have is going to be the image we're here and for the image we're also going to have a class which
is going to be projects we're here to underscore.
And single project and here I am.
So this is going to be our image.
And once we have the image now we will need a source.
So we're going to have an image and all or just saying this is going to be portfolio zero.
And also for the alternative.
All right.
And this is going to be Portfolio portfolio like this.
And once we actually have our image on next I would want a phantasm like.
So that's going to be the icon that's actually hovering.
So as we're hovering over here now I would want to place this icon so that we're going to do we're going
to see where the image ends and we're going to have a link on here and we're going to say that this
link is going to have a class of PROJECT PROJECT.
We're here to honor scores.
And we're going to have a single project and we're going to call this an icon like this.
And within this Tref or here now what I would want is actually you can see that I'm going to place a
hash tag and I'm going to go inside this link and we're actually going to create a fantastic America.
So we're here we're going to say our f a s and we're going to have F.A. search on here.
A press tab.
We're going to save it.
And if I go down on here you can see that I have the image and I have the font awesome like honestly
the image is way too big on here.
So what we would need to do is we're going to go to the actual C Ss and stylus.
However before we do this I'm just going to grab the single project going to go down to the end of single
project and I'm going to copy and paste this actually seven more times.
One two three four five six seven here.
Now I just need to change the numbers so you can see or hear that I have a portfolio on here.
And for the portfolio I think I believe I have seven.
I really like this.
I'm going to scroll down all the way here.
You can zoom in this is going to be my second here if I'm going to change this actually to 6.
So portfolio 6 over here and we have again a portfolio of five and we're going to have an image again
for.
So basically the only thing we're doing we're just changing the numbers or so if it was portfolio for
now this is going to be three.
And then we have 2 1 3 and then we're going to have till the last minute is it going to be or you know
one or more you know we're going to have one we're going to save this and let's stick it out of here.
So so far we have our eight project now that we're done with HD and now we're ready to go to see assess
and start styling this action.